# TERMS AND CONDITIONS

These Terms and Conditions (the “T&C”)
apply to the holder of the EOS Cafe BEAN
Token (or any fractional part thereof)
(“BEAN”). PLEASE READ THESE
TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE
ACCEPTING BEAN tokens. THE T&C
AFFECT YOUR OBLIGATIONS AND
LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, WAIVERS OF
RIGHTS AND LIMITATION OF
LIABILITY. IF ANY PERSON DOES NOT
AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS, SUCH PERSON MUST
NOT ACCEPT BEAN tokens.

By accepting and holding BEAN tokens each
holder thereof agrees with each other holder
of BEAN tokens, from time to time and inter
se, to be bound by the T&C, as
varied/modified/amended from time to time
and along with such further and other terms
and conditions incorporated by reference in
the T&C including but not limited to the
Constitution (as hereinafter defined). The
acceptance of BEAN tokens is made
expressly subject to this T&C.

NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the
mutual promises contained in this T&C, it is
hereby agreed as follows:

Binding Agreement

1. The T&C constitute the agreement (the
“Agreement”) by and between any person
accepting and holding BEAN tokens,
from time to time, and each other person,
accepting and holding BEAN tokens
from, time to time, inter se (each such
holder thereafter and hereinafter referred
to as “Emissary” and collectively
hereinafter referred to as the EOS Café
DAC. By accepting and holding BEAN
tokens, each person agrees to be, and
shall be, constituted, without more, as a
member or Emissary of the EOS Cafe
distributed autonomous community
(“EOS Café DAC” or “DAC”) and
subject to the Constitution (defined
hereinafter). This Agreement shall further
inure for the benefit of the EOS Café
Foundation, its successors and assigns, to
any extent necessary or applicable with
respect to the matters set out herein. By
accepting, holding and/or using BEAN
tokens, Emissary agrees to be bound by
the T&C, as varied/modified/amended
from time to time. Emissary expressly
acknowledges that the provisions of the
T&C may be amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, and at any time and
any manner, in accordance with the
constitution governing the organization
of Emissaries (“Constitution”) and
Emissary shall continue to be bound by
such amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified T&C.

2. By accepting BEAN tokens, Emissary
confirms that it is a holder of BEAN
tokens and a member of the EOS Café
DAC and has read, understands and
agrees to the T&C. A person shall
indicate their acceptance of BEAN tokens
by:

(a) In the case of any initial recipient of
BEAN tokens (or assignee or
transferee thereof), pursuant to the
Token Distribution (as defined
hereinafter), by activating or
registering BEAN tokens through the
software and/or medium prescribed
by the DAC.

(b) In any other case, by accepting the
distribution, transfer or assignment of
BEAN tokens from the DAC or an
Emissary and/or activating or
registering BEAN tokens through the
software and/or medium prescribed
by the DAC.

(c) In either case, and in any event, by
conducting any transaction with or
usage of BEAN tokens, including but
not limited to the exercise of voting
rights in the DAC.

3. The DAC has prepared a website,
available at https://eos.cafe/ which may
but shall not be required to include a
“whitepaper” (collectively the “Website”),
describing the proposed activities of the
DAC and utility or proposed utility of
BEAN tokens with regard to same. By
accepting and holding BEAN tokens,
Emissary confirms that it has read and
understands the Website.

The EOS Café DAC

4. EOS Café DAC is a distributed
autonomous community governed by the
Constitution of EOS Café DAC and
administered through the medium of
blockchain technology. The use of a
blockchain technology enables the DAC to
be distributed and governed, in accordance
with its Constitution, on an automated basis.
The terms and conditions of the
Constitution are incorporated by reference
into the T&C and shall be binding on each
Emissary of the DAC, inter se. By accepting
and holding BEAN tokens, Emissary also
confirms that it has read, understands and
agrees to the terms and conditions of the
Constitution and the rules of governance of
the DAC.

5. The DAC shall be constituted in two (2)
phases (“Phased Establishment”)
consisting of (a) the initial constitution of
a core community of Emissaries (‘building
the ship’) and, upon the maturation of the
DAC, as determined by the core
community (b) a wider community of
Emissaries (‘launching the ship’). The
Token Distribution (as defined
hereinafter) and/or provision for the
acceptance of BEAN tokens shall be
conducted in accordance with the Phased
Establishment.

6. Nothing in the T&C or Constitution and
no action taken by any Emissary shall
constitute, or be deemed to constitute a
partnership, joint venture or any other
association between the Emissaries, and
no action taken by any Emissary pursuant
to this Constitution or otherwise shall
constitute, or be deemed to constitute,
any Emissary as the agent of any other
Emissary or the DAC for any purpose
whatsoever and no Emissary shall have,
pursuant to the T&C or Constitution or
otherwise, any authority or power to bind
or to contract or to otherwise act in the
name of or on behalf of any other
Emissary or the DAC, all save and except
as expressly provided in the T&C or the
Constitution.

The BEAN Token

7. At the instance of and on behalf of the
DAC, an initial supply of 10, 000, 000,
000 BEAN tokens (“Initial Supply”) shall
be generated and distributed to such
person or persons at the discretion DAC,
inviting such persons to accept and hold
such BEAN tokens, gratis (“Token
Distribution”) and to be constituted as a
member and Emissary of the DAC.

8. BEAN tokens are not redeemable at the
instance of any of Emissary or the DAC.

9. Emissary may request cancellation of
BEAN tokens or membership linked to
the acceptance and holding of BEAN
tokens in accordance with the provisions
of the Constitution, whereupon Emissary
shall maintain no further rights or
obligations with respect to the DAC, save
and except such rights and obligations
accrued to Emissary to the date of
cancellation.

10. During the Token Distribution, and
subject to the discretion of the DAC,
BEAN tokens shall be distributed in the
following tranches:

(a) 50% through a combination of any or
all of Airdrop Distributions to EOS
Token Holders and/or other
communities, Airgrab Distributions,
Skyhook Distributions (with time
based reclamations) (“Open Token
Distribution”) and/or by, ‘double
shot’ Distributions and/or such
further or other distribution methods
beneficial to the development of the
DAC.

(b) 5% to DAC Directed Distribution

(c) 45% to Founding Distribution
Any tokens not distributed as allocated
may, but shall not be required to, be
“burnt” thereby permanently removed
from circulation, at the discretion of the
DAC.

Secondary distributions of BEAN tokens,
subject to the discretion of the DAC, are
planned over the course of eleven (11)
years from the constitution of the DAC.
Two (2) “staking pools” shall also be
established, with rewards of 5% each, and
will further inflate the number of BEAN
tokens to the BEAN token economy.

11. Upon acceptance, BEAN tokens shall
constitute the holder thereof as a
Emissary of the DAC, entitled to all the
rights and subject to all the obligations set
out in the Constitution, from time to
time, and in proportion the BEAN tokens
held by such Emissary.

12. Other than such utility as may be
expressly prescribed by the T&C and
Constitution from time to time, BEAN
tokens do not maintain or enable any
rights, uses, purpose, attributes,
functionalities, features or value, express
or implied.

13. Beyond the Initial Supply, additional
BEAN tokens tokens shall be generated
and distributed, from time to time, and
over such periods and to such persons, at
the instance if and discretion of the DAC,
pursuant to and subject to the provisions
of the Constitution.

14. Save and except for such rights granted
with respect to the DAC, BEAN tokens
do not grant the holder thereof the right
to any part of the share capital of any
corporation or other entity, to any vote at
any shareholders meeting of any
corporation or entity or to any voting
rights with respect the appointment of
directors or managers of any corporation
or entity. BEAN tokens are not being
distributed in exchange for or in
expectation of any monetary or other
consideration. BEAN tokens, to any
extent applicable, shall be non-refundable
and non-redeemable. BEAN tokens are
not, and are not intended to be an
investment, security, commodity or any
other financial instrument or investment.

15. The Token Distribution is effected to
distribute and constitute the DAC and to
allow usage of BEAN tokens in relation
to the DAC, and not for speculative
purposes.

16. Emissary expressly acknowledges and
represents that it has carefully reviewed
the T&C and fully understands the risks
and utility associated with the acceptance
and holding of BEAN tokens and
membership of the DAC.

Token Distribution Restrictions

17. No U.S. Persons: BEAN tokens are
not being and/or are not intended to be
distributed and/or accepted by any
natural or legal person resident in the
United States or any legal person or
partnership constituted by or with
persons resident in the United States
(“Excluded Person”), or any person on
behalf of an Excluded Person, pursuant
to the Open Token Distribution. If any
Excluded Person accepts or purports to
accept any BEAN tokens pursuant to the
Open Token Distribution, such person
would have taken such action in an
inapplicable, unauthorized and/or
unlawful manner. Any Excluded Person
who accepts BEAN tokens pursuant to
the Open Token Distribution shall be
solely liable for any legal, regulatory,
judicial or contractual consequences
therefrom and shall indemnify, defend
and hold harmless DAC, and any
member, employee, officer, director,
consultant, advisor, parents, subsidiaries,
affiliates, servants or agents thereof, or
any related person, corporation or
foundation, past, present or future,
thereof (collectively “DAC Affiliate”)
from any penalties, damages, losses,
liability, costs (including legal costs) or
expenses, whether direct or indirect,
consequential, compensatory, punitive,
actual, exemplary, incidental or special
and including without limitation any loss
of business, revenues, profits, data, use,
goodwill or other intangible losses
(collectively, “Damages”) arising out of
or related to such Excluded Person’s
acceptance or purported acceptance of
BEAN tokens pursuant to the Open
Token Distribution.

Core Values of EOS Café DAC

18. EOS Café DAC shall be founded on the
following values:

a. To create a culture of peace,
prosperity, justice, voluntarism,
liberty and self-sovereignty.

b. To create a culture where each
individual’s right to exist is
acknowledged, respected and
protected.

c. To create a culture where people
prevent their own actions from
causing harm to any other
individual(s).

d. To acknowledge, and respect
diversity in all its measures; diversity
of thought, spiritual practice and
religion, of gender, ethnicity, age, of
socio-economic status, and any other
conceivable difference of personal
preferences or opinions and to
minimize or remove antagonism and
prejudice across all conceivable
measures of diversity.

e. To resolve all contrary interests in
bargaining position or resource
allocation, without resorting to
violence, threats of violence, or
infringement on the counterparties
peace, prosperity, justice,
voluntarism, liberty, and self
sovereignty.

19. To the furthest extent permissible the
provisions of the T&C shall be
interpreted in a manner consistent with
the core values.

Knowledge required

20. Emissary acknowledges and agrees that it
has sufficient knowledge in technological,
business and financial matters, including
but not limited to sufficient
understanding of blockchain, digital
ledger technology, cryptographic tokens,
digital assets, smart contracts, block
production, storage mechanisms
(including online or offline digital, token
or cryptocurrencies wallets), blockchain
based software systems and/or other
matters set out in this T&C, to evaluate
and render an informed decision as to the
risks and merits of the acceptance of
BEAN tokens and further acknowledges
and agrees that it is able to bear such risks
including risk of loss of BEAN tokens
and/or any risks or rewards accrued (if
any) by reason of holding BEAN tokens.
Emissary expressly acknowledges that it
has obtained or procured sufficient
information in order to make an informed
decision as to whether or not to accept
and hold BEAN tokens.

21. Emissary shall ensure that it understands
and has significant experience of
cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and
services, and that it fully understands the
risks and mechanisms associated with
BEAN tokens and Token Distribution, as
well as the risks and mechanisms related
to the use and custody of
cryptocurrencies and/or other
representations utilizing distributed ledger
technology.

22. Neither DAC nor any DAC Affiliate shall
be responsible for any loss of BEAN
tokens held by Emissary, or any situation
rendering it impossible for Emissary to
access BEAN tokens, which may result
from, by or through any actions or
omissions of Emissary or otherwise.

23. It shall be the sole responsibility of
Emissary to implement and appropriate
measures to secure access to (a) any
device or account associated with
Emissary in connection with the
acceptance, holding and use of BEAN
tokens; (b) private keys to Emissary’s
blockchain wallet or account; and (c) any
other username, password or other login
or identifying credentials. In the event
that Emissary loses possession or control
of Emissary’s private keys or any device
associated with Emissary’s blockchain
related account or is not able to otherwise
provide Emissary’s login or identifying
credentials, Emissary may lose all of
Emissary’s BEAN tokens and/or access
to Emissary’s blockchain related account.
Neither DAC nor DAC Affiliate shall be
under any obligation to recover or replace
any BEAN tokens rendered inaccessible
and/or disabled thereby, or to provide
any other compensation or
reimbursement to Emissary thereof.

24. Emissary acknowledges, understands and
agrees that (a) the acceptance and holding
of BEAN tokens may have tax and
regulatory consequences for Emissary; (b)
Emissary is solely responsible for
Emissary’s compliance with any such or
any tax or regulatory consequences of
Emissary linked to the acceptance and
holding of BEAN tokens; (c) Emissary
shall have consulted with and taken
advice from Emissary’s own tax and
regulatory professional prior to accepting
and holding the BEAN tokens; and (d)
Neither DAC nor DAC Affiliate shall
bear any responsibility or liability to
Emissary with respect to any tax or
regulatory consequences linked to
Emissary’s acceptance and holding of
BEAN tokens.

Emissary Representation and Warranties

25. By accepting BEAN tokens, Emissary
agrees to be bound by the T&C and in
particular, Emissary represents and
warrants that:

(a) It is authorized and has full power
and authority to accept and hold
BEAN tokens according to the laws
that apply in Emissary’s jurisdiction
of residence or domicile, or any other
applicable jurisdiction;

(b) It is authorized and has full power to
execute, deliver and be bound by the
T&C and to carry out and perform
any obligations thereunder;

(c) If an individual, it is at least 18 years
old and of sufficient legal age and
capacity to accept and hold BEAN
tokens and, if a legal person, it is
validly constituted and in good
standing under the laws of its
domicile or residence and each
jurisdiction in which it operates or
conducts business;

(d) That the acceptance, execution,
delivery and performance of and by
Emissary under the T&C requires no
approval, authorization or other
action from any governmental or
regulatory authority or any other
person, entity or bureau, whatsoever,
other than Emissary;

(e) That the acceptance, execution
delivery and performance of and by
Emissary under the T&C shall not,
and will not in the future, result in
any violation of, be in conflict with or
constitute a material default under (i)
any provision of Emissary’s
constitutional documents (if
applicable), (ii) any provision of any
judgment, order or decree to which
Emissary is a party, by which
Emissary is bound or to which
Emissary’s material assets are subject,
(iii) any material agreement,
obligation, duty or commitment to
which Emissary is a party or is
bound, or (iv) any laws, regulations,
rules or contracts applicable to
Emissary.

(f) It is not accepting and holding
BEAN tokens for the purpose of any
investment or speculative investment;

(g) It will not use BEAN tokens for any
illegal activity, including but not
limited to money laundering and the
financing of terrorism;

(h) It shall be responsible for
determining whether the acceptance
and holding of BEAN tokens is
appropriate for it;

(i) It shall accept BEAN tokens
exclusively for use in the governance
of the DAC, or such other utility as
prescribed from time to time by or in
accordance with the Constitution;

(j) It understands the risks associated
with acceptance and holding of
BEAN tokens (including but not
limited to the risks related to the
non-development of the DAC
and/or its operations).

26. Upon request of or notification by DAC
or any designee of the DAC, and from
time to time, Emissary shall immediately
provide information and documents that
DAC or such designee, deems necessary
to comply with the laws, regulations, rules
or agreements of or in relation to any
applicable jurisdiction or blockchain,
including but not limited to judicial
decrees, order, processes or arbitral
awards. Such documents or information
shall include, but not be limited to,
certified copies of Emissary’s passport,
utility bill(s), government identification
cards, sworn statements and information
and documentation relating to persons or
entities affiliated with Emissary. Emissary
expressly and irrevocably consents to the
disclosure of such information and
documentation, and the recording or
making of copies thereof, required for
compliance with any laws, regulations,
rules or agreements of or in relation to
any applicable jurisdiction or blockchain.
Failure by Emissary to comply with any
such request for information or
documentation may result in measures
taken against such Emissary or Emissary’s
BEAN tokens, including but not limited
to the deactivating or unregistering of
Emissary or Emissary’s BEAN tokens.

27. By accepting and holding BEAN tokens,
Emissary represents and warrants that, to
the extent required by any applicable law,
Emissary complies with all anti-money
laundering and prevention of terrorism
rules, regulations and procedures, and
neither Emissary nor any person for
whom Emissary is acting as agent or
nominee in relation to BEAN tokens is
subject to any sanctions administered or
enforced by any government or regulatory
body, or is organized or resident in any
country or territory that is subject to any
country or territory wide sanctions by any
government or regulatory body, or is a
politically exposed person.

Risks

28. Emissary acknowledges, understands and
agrees that acceptance and holding of
BEAN tokens and storage thereof
involves various risks and Emissary
accepts BEAN tokens subject to such
risks, as set out in the T&C and
otherwise, without any claim, right or
remedy that Emissary may otherwise have
at law, equity or otherwise, including but
not limited to any claims for
compensation, Damages, refunds or
redemptions, against the DAC or any
DAC Affiliate.

29. Emissary acknowledges, understands and
agrees to the risk that DAC or any DAC
Affiliate (if applicable) may not be able to
launch the DAC, develop the operations
of the DAC and/or provide any utility to
BEAN tokens as described in the T&C,
Constitution or the Website and,
accordingly, prior to acceptance of BEAN
tokens, Emissary confirms that it has
considered the risks, costs (if any), and
utility of acceptance of BEAN tokens
and, if necessary, shall have obtained any
and all independent and professional
advice in this regard. Any person not
being in a position to accept nor to
understand the risks associated with the
activity (including the risks related to the
non- development of the DAC or utility
of BEAN tokens in relation to the DAC)
or any other risks as indicated in the T&C
or otherwise, should not accept BEAN
tokens.

30. Emissary acknowledges, understands and
agrees that BEAN tokens, beyond such
utility or proposed utility set out in the
T&C, Constitution and/or Website, has
no rights, uses, purpose, attributes,
functionalities or features express or
implied.

31. Emissary acknowledges, understands and
agrees that all matters set out in the T&C,
Constitution and Website are new and
untested and that the related technology
may not be capable of completion,
implementation or adoption and, even if
the related technology is completed,
implemented and adopted, it may not
function as intended and/or may not
have the functionality that is necessary or
desirable and/or may become outdated
and/or may be subject to technical errors
and delays.

32. Emissary acknowledges, understands and
agrees that the software associated with
BEAN tokens and/or the DAC is under
development, may undergo significant
modifications over time and new related
or replacement software may be
developed from time to time and such
development and modifications may
result in added or reduced features to
those set forth in this T&C, the
Constitution and/or the Website.

33. Emissary acknowledges, understands and
agrees that the development of the
BEAN tokens, the DAC and related
software may be abandoned for a number
of reasons including but not limited to
lack of interest from Emissaries or
potential Emissaries, lack of funding, lack
of prospects or the departure of valuable
personnel and technicians related to or
utilized by the DAC or DAC Affiliate (if
applicable).

34. Emissary acknowledges, understands and
agrees that BEAN tokens may be or
become non-transferrable following
Emissary’s acceptance of BEAN tokens
pursuant to the Token Distribution or
thereafter, whether per se, by reason of
the Constitution or by technical error or
inability, and/or may not be tradable on
any exchanges (if applicable) for any
reason whatsoever.

35. Emissary acknowledges, understands and
agrees that the following further risks
relate to the functionality, security and/or
operations of BEAN tokens and the
DAC:

(a) Insufficient capacity to effectively
implement activity of the DAC;

(b) Crypto market crash and/or other
adverse conditions resulting in, if
applicable, insufficient value to cover
operating costs of the DAC;

(c) DDoS or “flood attacks”;

(d) Scarcity or lack of NET/RAM/CPU
resources of EOS blockchain
resulting in inoperability of BEAN
platform or network;

(e) Hack of BEANS token contract
arising out or related to unknown bug
or otherwise;

(f) Breach in relevant servers causing
leaks in Emissary’s PII;

(g) Error, flaw, failure or fault in any
wallet app or mobile app resulting in
unauthorized disclosure, publication
and/or distribution of Emissary(s)’
private keys;

(h) Regulatory and Legal threats;

(i) Inappropriate content on the
applicable blockchain;

(j) Internet political and/or
infrastructural failure resulting in loss
of communication in one or more
geographical areas/countries;

(k) Governance paralysis or other
inability to reach a quorum or effect
governance decisions;

(l) Low rate of acceptance or non
acceptance of BEAN tokens by third
parties; and

(m) Delays in implementation of or
technical errors in the EOSIO or
other blockchain software.

36. Emissary acknowledges, understands and
agrees that the regulatory status of
decentralized or distributed communities,
cryptographic tokens, digital assets,
blockchain technology and distributed
ledger technology is unsettled and/or
unclear in many jurisdictions, and it is
difficult to predict how or whether
international, governmental, regulatory
and judicial authorities will regulate such
technologies and organizations and how
or whether such international,
governmental, regulatory and judicial
authorities may interpret or modify
existing laws, regulations or rules that
affect such matters. Emissary
acknowledges, understands and agrees
that such interpretation or modification
may have adverse consequences to
BEAN tokens, and the holders and usage
thereof and the DAC, such
interpretations and modifications
including but not limited to characterizing
BEAN tokens as regulated financial
instruments or characterizing the DAC as
a regulated investment vehicle or
otherwise. Emissary acknowledges,
understands and agrees BEAN tokens
and/or the DAC may cease to operate or
cease operations in any jurisdiction, and
lead to the discontinuation of usage or
access thereof of any persons residing or
affected by any such jurisdiction, in the
event that the laws or regulations in such
jurisdictions render it unlawful or
commercially or otherwise undesirable to
maintain any link with such jurisdictions.

37. Emissary acknowledges, understands and
agrees that the embryonic nature of
decentralized or distributed communities,
cryptographic tokens, digital assets,
blockchain technology and distributed
ledger technology may result in increased
and/or disproportionate oversight and
scrutiny from international, governmental,
regulatory and judicial authorities with
respect BEAN tokens and/or the DAC
(or persons or entities related to or
interacting therewith) and that there can
be no assurance that such authorities will
not examine same or pursue investigatory,
enforcement, compliance or other actions
against BEAN tokens, the DAC and/or
the Emissaries thereof (or persons or
entities related thereto or interacting
therewith). Emissary acknowledges,
understands and agrees that such actions
may subject the Emissaries and/or the
DAC to judgments, settlements, fines or
penalties and/or may cause the DAC to
restructure the organization and the utility
thereunder and lead to damage to BEAN
tokens and/or the DAC’s reputation,
functionality, operational costs or
effectiveness.

Important Disclaimers

38. The T&C, Website, and Token
Distribution are not intended to, and shall
not, be considered as an invitation to any
person enter into an investment and are
not intended to, and do not, constitute or
relate in any way as an offering of
securities in any jurisdiction. Neither the
T&C nor the Website includes or
contains any information that may or
should be considered a recommendation
or that may be used as a basis for any
investment decision. BEAN tokens are
and are intended to be utility tokens, and
are not intended to be used for the
purposes of investment.

39. Any information in the T&C or Website
is given for general information purpose
only and neither DAC nor DAC Affiliate
shall be construed as providing any
representation or warranty as to the
accuracy and completeness of such
information.

40. BEAN tokens are not, and are not
intended to be, shares or securities of any
type and do not entitle the holder thereof
to any ownership or other interest (a) in
any person or entity related thereto or (b)
the DAC, save and except for the utility
features set out in the Constitution.

41. Neither the T&C, Constitution nor the
Website contains, or should be
considered to contain, any
representations, warranties, promises or
guarantees, express, implied or statutory,
arising or related to BEAN tokens and/or
the DAC, and same are expressly
disclaimed, including but not limited to
any representations, warranties, promises
or guarantees, express, implied or
statutory, relating to title, non
infringement, merchantability, usage,
suitability or fitness for any particular
purpose, or as to workmanship or
technology (including technical coding),
or the absence of any defects, whether
latent or patent.

42. By accepting BEAN tokens, Emissary
accepts the T&C, including but not
limited to the waiver by Emissary of any
claim, right or remedy that Emissary may
otherwise have at law, equity or
otherwise, against the DAC or DAC
Affiliate, arising out of or related to or to
the acceptance and/or usage of BEAN
tokens and/or participation in the DAC.

43. The DAC and DAC Affiliates (if
applicable) shall use best endeavours to
develop, launch, carry out and effect the
DAC, the software and blockchain tokens
to enable usage of the DAC, effect
governance thereof and the organization
of the distributed community, all as
described in the T&C, Constitution or the
Website. There is, however, no guarantee
(and any such guarantee is expressly
disclaimed by the T&C) that such DAC,
software and blockchain token,
operations and/or distributed community
shall be successfully delivered or realized
as described in this T&C, the
Constitution or the Website, or at all.
Emissary acknowledges, understands and
agrees to said risks, and further, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, and in
relation to same, expressly waives,
relinquishes and releases, as against DAC
and/or DAC Affiliate (if applicable)
(collectively “Disclaimed Parties”), any
claim, right or remedy that Emissary may
otherwise have at law, equity or
otherwise.

44. To the fullest extent permitted by law,
and except as otherwise expressly stated
in this T&C, the Disclaimed Parties
disclaim any representations, warranties,
promises or guarantees arising out of or
related to the DAC, the Token
Distribution, the Website and/or BEAN
tokens, and further, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, and in relation to same,
Emissary expressly waives, relinquishes
and releases, as against the Disclaimed
Parties, any claim, right or remedy that
Emissary may otherwise have at law,
equity or otherwise.

45. Emissary expressly acknowledges,
understands and agrees that it is accepting
and holding BEAN tokens, and usage
thereof in the DAC and membership of
the DAC, at Emissary’s sole risk and that
same is provided to, and used and
acquired by, Emissary on an “AS IS” and
“AS AVAILABLE” basis without any
representations, warranties, promises or
guarantees whatsoever by the Disclaimed
Parties, and Emissary shall have relied on
its own examinations and investigations
thereof and further, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, and in relation to same,
Emissary expressly waives, relinquishes
and releases, as against the Disclaimed
Parties, any claim, right or remedy that
Emissary may otherwise have at law,
equity or otherwise.

46. BEAN tokens will be issued by or
through a technical process referred to as
a “blockchain”, which is an open source
information technology protocol over
which the neither DAC nor any DAC
Affiliate has any rights or liability in terms
of its development and operation. The
Token Distribution mechanism will be
controlled by a “smart contract”, which
involves a software program that can be
executed on the EOS network or on a
blockchain network that is compatible
with smart contract programming
language. Emissary acknowledges and
understands that the Disclaimed Parties
assume no liability or responsibility for
any loss or damage that results from or
relates to the incapacity to access or use
BEAN tokens by reason of any matter
relating to the blockchain.

47. The BEAN token is based on the EOS
protocol and, accordingly, any
malfunction, failure, unplanned function
or unexpected operation of the EOS
protocol or chain may cause the BEAN
tokens or governance of the DAC to
malfunction or operate in a way that is
not expected, including but not limited to
token contract failure of BEAN, and
Emissary acknowledges that the
Disclaimed Parties shall have no liability
or responsibility thereof.

48. The storage and security (including
backup of private keys) of BEAN tokens,
and any EOS tokens associated with the
use of BEAN tokens or otherwise, shall
be the sole responsibility of the holder
thereof and Emissary acknowledges and
agrees that the Disclaimed Parties shall
have no liability or responsibility thereof,
irrespective of whether storage/wallet
functionality is provided by the DAC or
other third party.
Limitation of Liability

49. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, neither DAC nor any
DAC Affiliate (“Released Parties”),
assumes any liability or responsibility for
any loss arising or related to the Token
Distribution or any distribution, transfer
or assignment of BEAN tokens, or any
technical, interruption or malfunction of
thereof or with respect to the DAC or
BEAN tokens.

50. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, Emissary disclaims any
right or cause of action against the
Released Parties, of any kind and in any
jurisdiction, including but not limited with
respect to BEAN tokens and/or the
DAC, that would give rise to any
Damages, whatsoever, on the part of any
of the Released Parties. Each of the
Released Parties shall not be liable to
Emissary for any type of Damages, even
if and notwithstanding the extent any of
the Released Parties has been advised of
the possibility of such Damages. Emissary
agrees not to seek any refund (if
applicable), compensation or
reimbursement from any of the Released
Parties, regardless of the reason, and
regardless of whether the reason is
identified in the T&C.

51. Without prejudice to the foregoing, in no
circumstances shall the aggregate liability
of the Released Parties, whether in
contract, warrant, tort or other theory, for
Damages to Emissary under this T&C
exceed the amount of monetary value (if
any) received by DAC or DAC Affiliate
(if applicable) in exchange for the
Emissary’s acceptance and holding of
BEAN tokens pursuant to the Token
Distribution or any transfer of BEAN
tokens or with respect to the usage of
BEAN tokens.

52. Emissary acknowledges, understands and
agrees that none of the Released Parties
shall be liable, and such Released Parties
disclaim all liability to Emissary, in
connection with any force majeure event,
including acts of God, labour disputes or
other industrial disturbances, electrical,
telecommunications, hardware, software
or other utility failures, software or smart
contract bugs or weaknesses, earthquakes,
storms, or other nature-related events,
blockages, embargoes, riots, acts or orders
of government, acts of terrorism or war,
technological change, changes in interest
rates or other monetary conditions, and,
for the avoidance of doubt, changes to
any blockchain-related technology,
including but not limited with respect to
BEAN tokens and/or the DAC.

53. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, Emissary releases the
Released Parties from any and all
responsibility, liability, claims, demands,
and/or Damages of every kind and
nature, known and unknown, whether
past, present or future, (including, but not
limited to, claims of negligence), including
but not limited to claims arising out of or
related to disputes between Emissary and
the acts or omissions of third parties.

54. Indemnification: To the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, Emissary
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless
and reimburse the Released Parties from
and against any and all actions,
proceedings, claims, Damages, demands
and actions (including without limitation
fees and expenses of counsel), incurred by
any of the Released Parties arising out of
or related to: (i) Emissary’s acceptance or
use of BEAN tokens or membership of
the DAC; (ii) Emissary’s responsibilities
or obligations under the T&C; (iii)
Emissary’s breach of or violation of the
T&C; (iv) any inaccuracy in any
representation or warranty of Emissary;
(v) Emissary’s violation of any rights of
any other person or entity; and/or (vi)
any act or omission of Emissary that is
negligent, unlawful or constitutes willful
misconduct. The Released Parties, or any
of them, reserve the right to exercise sole
control over the defense, at Emissary’s
expense, of any claim subject to
indemnification hereunder. This
indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu
of, any other indemnities, waivers or
releases set forth in the T&C.

Transfer of BEAN Tokens

55. Emissary acknowledges and agrees that, at
Emissary’s sole risk and responsibility,
BEAN tokens may be transferrable and
membership linked to such transferred
BEAN tokens may be transferred and/or
assigned pursuant to any such transfer, all
subject to and in accordance with the
Constitution.

Entire Agreement and Severability

56. This T&C, including any exhibits attached
hereto and the materials incorporated
herein by reference, constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties hereto and
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
agreements and understandings, both
written and oral, between such parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof,
including, without limitation, any public
or other statements or presentations
made by any of DAC or DAC Affiliate.

57. If any of the provisions of this T&C are
deemed to be invalid, void or
unenforceable under applicable law, the
remaining provisions shall continue in full
force and effect.
Electronic Communications

58. Emissary agrees and acknowledges that all
agreements, notices, disclosures and other
communications provided to Emissary
pursuant to the T&C or in relation to
Emissary’s acceptance and holding of
BEAN tokens and/or usage in relation to
the DAC, including but not limited
Emissary’s acceptance and holding of
BEAN tokens pursuant to the Token
Distribution, may be provided to
Emissary in electronic form, including but
not limited to notification by way of
publication on the Website.

Applicable Law

59. The governing law for the purposes only
of the interpretation and construction of
the provisions of the T&C, and the
contractual relations created thereby, shall
be the laws of Anguilla.

Dispute Resolution

60. Informal Dispute Resolution: Emissary
shall cooperate in good faith to resolve
any dispute, controversy or claim arising
out of, relating to or in connection with
the T&C, including with respect to the
formation, applicability, breach,
termination, validity or enforceability
thereof (“Dispute”). If the parties to any
Dispute are unable to resolve a Dispute
within ninety (90) days of notice of such
Dispute being received by all parties
thereof, such Dispute shall be finally
settled by Binding Arbitration, as defined
hereinafter.

61. Binding Arbitration: Any Dispute not
resolved within 90 days as set forth
hereinbefore shall be referred to and
finally resolved by arbitration under the
London Court of International
Arbitration (LCIA) rules in effect at the
time of the arbitration, except as they may
be modified herein or by mutual
agreement of the parties to such
arbitration. The number of arbitrators
shall be one who shall be selected by the
parties to the arbitration. The seat, or
legal place, of arbitration shall be Calgary,
Alberta, Canada. The language to be used
in the arbitral proceedings shall be
English. The governing law of the T&C,
for the purposes only of the
interpretation and constructions of the
provisions of the T&C, and the
contractual relations created thereby, shall
be the laws of Anguilla. The arbitration
award shall be final and binding on the
parties thereto (“Binding Arbitration”).
Emissary undertakes to carry out any
award without delay and waive its right to
any form of recourse insofar as such
waiver can validly be made. Judgment
upon the award may be entered by any
court having jurisdiction thereof or
having jurisdiction over the relevant party
or its assets. Without prejudice to any
indemnification provision of the T&C,
each party to arbitration shall pay their
respective attorneys’ fees and expenses.

62. No Class Arbitrations, Class Actions or
Representative Actions: Any dispute
arising out of or related to the T&C shall
be personal to the parties and shall not be
brought as a class arbitration, class action
or any other type of representative
proceeding. There shall be no class
arbitration or arbitration in which an
individual attempts to resolve a dispute as
a representative of another individual or
group of individuals. Further, and to the
furthest extent permitted by applicable
law, a dispute cannot be brought as a class
or other type of representative action,
whether within or outside of arbitration,
or on behalf of any other individual or
group of individuals.
